A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, why the long face...
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation...
All vampires keep their money in a special place — the blood bank...
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He says, looks like the world's gotten a bit rough around the edges...
A peanut sat on a railway track, his heart was all a-flutter. The 5:15 came rushing by, toot toot — peanut butter...
Are my kids perfect? No, but we can blame mom for that one...
A steak pun is a rare medium well done...
A word of advice, kid. Never trust atoms. They make up everything...
Bacon and eggs walk into a restaurant. The host says, sorry, we don't serve breakfast here...
Being a parent means never having a moment to yourself — even in the bathroom...
Can February March? No, but April May...
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends...
Charlie Chaplin and Marcel Marceau just threw microphones into the sea. Guess it's true that great mimes sink a mic...
Cleaning with children in the house is like brushing your teeth while eating Oreos...
Dad, can you put my shoes on? Nope. They are too small for my feet...
Dad, it hurts when I move my arm like this. Then don't move your arm like that...
Dad, I told my kids to embrace their mistakes, then they hugged me...
Did you ever notice ants don't get sick? They're full of anti-bodies...
Did you get your haircut? No, I got them all cut...
Did you hear about our camping trip? It was in-tents...
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long...
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg on stage? He's still in the cast...
Did you hear about the archeologist that got fired? His career is in ruins...
Did you hear about the bossy man at the bar? He ordered everyone around...
Did you hear about the broken guitar for sale? It comes with no strings attached...
Did you hear about the cat that ate a lemon? Now it's a sour puss...
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? Apparently, da brie is everywhere...
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded? There was nothing left but de brie...
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space...
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space...
Did you hear about the cleaners who went to space? They ended up scrubbing the mission...
Did you hear about the dad who chugged 8 sodas? He burped 7-Up...
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Many soles were lost...
Did you hear about the girl who ate a frog? They say she's going to croak...
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He's at the hospital waiting to be seen...
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint...
Did you hear about the guy who's afraid of escalators? He takes steps to avoid them...
Did you hear about the guy who was addicted to the hokey pokey? He turned himself around...
Did you hear about the guy who was afraid of hurdles? He got over it...
Did you hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road...
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? They woke him up...
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get a crown...
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He's all right now...
Did you hear about the octopus that held up a bank? It was an armed robbery...
Did you hear about the queen who's only 12 inches tall? She's a great ruler...
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere...
Did you hear about the stolen dog collar? Police are looking for leads...
Did you hear about the two rowboats that got into an argument? It was an oar-deal...
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts...
Did you hear about the wig thief who escaped from prison? Police are combing the area to find him...
Did you hear about the woman who couldn't stop collecting magazines? She had issues...
Did you hear oxygen went on a date with potassium? It went OK...
Did you hear the one about the guy who ate a frog? He's probably going to croak...
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it's over your head...
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Everyone is spreading it...
Did you just get a haircut? No, I got them all cut...
Doctor, doctor, I'm terrified of squirrels. You must be nuts...
Doctor, there's an invisible person in the waiting room. Tell them I can't see them...
Dogs can't operate MRI machines, but cats can...
Don't call me later, call me Dad...
Evaporated milk is confusing. There's so much liquid in it...
Every morning I tell my family I'm going jogging but I don't go — it's a running joke...
First child eats dirt, dad calls the doctor. Second child eats dirt, dad cleans out their mouth. Third child eats dirt, dad wonders if she still needs to make lunch...
Geology rocks, but geography is where it's at...
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job...
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them...
Grandad, you look pretty sharp. Where did you get your haircut? On my head, Shane...
Have you ever had a bad sausage? It's the wurst...
Have you ever heard of quiet tennis? It's the same as regular tennis, but without the racket...
Have you heard how popular the local cemetery is? People are just dying to get in...
Here's a cautionary tale. Don't sing in the shower...
Hey kids, I got you Fortnite. But it will only last two weeks...
Hi Hungry, I'm Dad...
Honey, stop looking for the perfect match — use a lighter...
How can you tell if a pig is hot? It's bacon...
How can you tell the difference between a dog and a tree? By their bark...
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut...
How did the computer catch cold? It left a window open...

[tool:bash]
How did the dog get all A's on its report card? It was the teacher's pet...
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch...
How did the piano get locked out of its car? It lost its keys...
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet...
How do bees get to school? On the school buzz...
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it...
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans...
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans...
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience...
How does a hurricane see? With one eye...
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya...
How does a mathematician plough fields? With a pro-tractor...
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together...
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side...
How does the man on the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it...
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it...
How do fish pay for groceries? With sand dollars...
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese...
How do trees get on the internet? They log in...
How do you cook an alligator? With a croc-pot...
How do you find a cheetah in the dark? Use a spotlight...
How do you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch...
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste...
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say cheese...
How do you get an astronaut's baby to stop crying? You rocket...
How do you get a squirrel's attention? Act like a nut...
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? You Pokémon...
How do you hire a horse? Put up a ladder...
How do you know carrots are good for your eyesight? Have you ever seen a bunny wearing glasses...
How do you light up a sports stadium? With a soccer match...
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it...
How do you make an eggroll? You push it...
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles...
How do you make a robot angry? Keep pushing his buttons...
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it...
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it...
How do you organise a space party? You planet...
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card...
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words...
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet...
How do you throw a party in space? You planet...
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams...
How many apples are growing on that tree? All of them...
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them...
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them...
How many dads does it take to get you to clean your room? One, but it takes 18 years...
How many feet are in a yard? It depends on how many people are standing there...
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten-tickles...
How much does it cost to swim with sharks? An arm and a leg...
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent...
How old are you again? I've lost track at this point...
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch...
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Summer wasn't too bad either...
I adopted a dog from a blacksmith. As soon as I brought him home, he made a bolt for the door...
I always have a take on everything. My wife calls my explanations dadsplaining...
I always thought orthopaedic shoes were overrated, but I stand corrected...
I am giving away all my batteries — free of charge...
I asked dad if he could make me a burger. He replied by saying, Wallah! You're a burger...
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing...
I asked my wife if I was the only one she'd been with. Of course not — there's the mailman, the plumber, and the pool guy...
I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday. She said, surprise me...
I asked the librarian if the library had any books about paranoia. She whispered, they're right behind you...
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming...
I can't find the U-Cut tree farm. I'm completely stumped...
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy...
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust...
I don't tell dad jokes that often, but when I do, he laughs...
I don't trust stairs — they're always up to something...
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady...
I'd tell you another chemistry joke, but unfortunately all the good ones argon...
I entered a pun contest. I submitted 10 of my best puns to see if any would be a win. However, no pun in ten did...
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest...
If being a parent were a job, I'd be the CEO of chaos management...
If I ever go missing, just follow my kids. They can find me wherever I try to hide...
If spaghetti made an action movie, what would it be called? Mission Im-pasta-ble...
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness...
I had to return the vacuum cleaner — it sucked...
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me...

[tool:read]
I have a joke about a broken clock, but it's not the right time...
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it'll get a reaction...
I have an inferiority complex, but it's not a very good one...
I haven't talked to my wife in a week. I didn't want to interrupt her...
I just got thrown out of my local park for arranging the squirrels by height — they didn't like my critter sizing...
I love all my children the same. Except for the one that sleeps — I love that one more...
I'm a faux pa...
I'm currently reading a book on DIY house construction by Bill Jerome Holmes...
I'm my kids' favourite person to overthink things with...
I'm not a helicopter parent — I'm just surveilling with love...
I'm on a seafood diet — I see food, I eat it...
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already...
I'm reading a book about glue — I just can't put it down...
I'm reading a book about sandpaper — it's a work of friction...
I'm so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed...
I'm the Norse god of mischief, but I guess I'm low-key about it...
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward...
I never thought I'd be the type to have a beard. But then it just grew on me...
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap...
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y...
I put my old car in reverse and thought, wow, this really takes me back...
I smile because I'm your dad, but I laugh because there's nothing you can do about it...
Is there anything worse than when it's raining cats and dogs? Yes, hailing taxis...
Is the refrigerator running? Better go catch it...
I sued the airport for losing my luggage. I lost my case...
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice...
I told a bad chemistry joke once. I got no reaction...
I told my computer I needed a break, and it said no problem, I'll go to sleep...
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it's just a bug that's going around...
I told my kids to stop playing with their food. So they started playing with their plate instead...
I told my mom I'd call her later, but she said she prefers Mom...
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug...
It really takes guts to be an organ donor...
I tried to get a smart car the other day, but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I'm just a bit slow...
I tried to teach my kids about taxes, but they just responded with, that sounds like a you problem...
I tried to walk into Target, but I missed...
It's spicy: universal dad code for I don't want to share...
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers...
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough...
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest...
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around...
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around...
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired for taking a couple of days off...
I used to play the piano by ear, but now I use my hands and fingers...
I used to think I was a morning person, but then I had kids. Now I'm more of a give me all the coffee person...
I used to work at a fire hydrant company. I quit after I couldn't find parking...
I've been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it's better than sitting around doing nothing...
I've learned that parenting is a lot like playing Whac-A-Mole. Just when you think you've got one problem solved, another one pops up...
I've never been a fan of facial hair, but it's starting to grow on me...
I wanted to take a bath, but decided to leave it where it is...
I was going to make a joke about the old bed, but then it fell apart...
I was going to tell a sodium joke, then I thought, Na...
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me...
I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn't find any...
I wondered why the baseball was getting closer and closer. Then it hit me...
Kid, dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut...
Kid to dad, why are there balloons in the bathroom? I wanted to throw you a birthday potty...
Mountains aren't just funny — they're hill areas...
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home...
My doctor told me I'm going deaf — the news was hard to hear...
My dog has no nose. How do they smell? Awful...
My kid just asked me, can I have this, apple? Guess he doesn't know my name is Dad...
My kids: 3 out of 5 stars, could have been a bit quieter...
My kids should have been born in a different decade because it's cheaper by the dozen...
My manager told me to have a good day, so I didn't go to work...
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They're his watchdogs...
My wife asked me to get 6 cans of Sprite at the store. I realised when I got home that I had picked 7Up...
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
Note to all dads of teens, keep a dog. That way someone is excited to see you...
Once I read a book about glue. I couldn't put it down...
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust...
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers...
RIP boiling water, you will be mist...
Shouldn't the roof of your mouth actually be called the ceiling...
Silence is golden. Unless you have kids, then silence is suspicious...
Some days you question your parenting. Other days, you have to question your child's childing...
Son, dad, can I get $20? Dad, does it look like I make dollars every day? Son, well, isn't that what D.A.D stands for...
Surely you can't be serious. I am serious, and don't call me Shirley...

[tool:edit]
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback...
The double quarter pounder holds a special place in my heart. Mainly the coronary artery...
The first thing Santa's elves learn in school is their elf-abet...
The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense...
The pony couldn't sing because it was a little horse...
There's a type of bagel that can travel. What is it? A plain bagel...
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions...
This book about how Newton discovered gravity is so good. I just can't put it down...
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana...
Time to take this cookie to the hospital. It's feeling crummy...
To the guy who invented zero — thanks for nothing...
To whoever stole my Microsoft Office — you have my Word...
Two eggs went to a party. They had a shell of a time...
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, any idea how to drive this thing...
Two guys walk into a bar. The third one ducked...
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted...
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it...
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable...
Want to hear a long joke? Jooooooooooooooke...
We have the perfect dad-son relationship. You're my son, and I'm perfect...
What airline did Jesus and Mary take? Virgin...
What causes dry skin? A towel...
What did Benjamin Franklin say after he discovered electricity? Nothing — he was too shocked...
What did one eye say to the other? Between us, something smells...
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead...
What did one leaf say to the other? I'm falling for you...
What did one toilet say to the other? You appear a bit flushed...
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you...
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner...
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where's popcorn...
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can't talk...
What did the beach say when the tide came in? Long time no sea...
What did the biologist wear to impress their date? Designer genes...
What did the blanket say to the bed? I've got you covered...
What did the buffalo say to her son on the first day of school? Bison...
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison...
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me...
What did the cleaner say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies...
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot...
What did the drummer call his two daughters? Anna One, Anna Two...
What did the duck say to the waiter when he brought the check? Put it on my bill...
What did the earthquake say when it was finished? Sorry, my fault...
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs...
What did the fish say after swimming into a cement wall? Dam...
What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little whine...
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty...
What did the horse say after he tripped? I've fallen and I can't giddy up...
What did the husband say when his wife asked to be put on hold? Sure, you're on the hall...
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies...
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It's pasture bed time...
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me...
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved...
What did the pirate say on his birthday? Aye, matey...
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes...
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest...
What did the police officer say to his belly button? You're under a vest...
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one's on the house...
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed...
What did the tree say when spring finally arrived? What a re-leaf...
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI...
What do cake and baseball have in common? They both need a batter...
What do cats eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies...
What do clouds wear beneath their pants? Thunderwear...
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear...
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs...
What does a house always wear to a party? Address...
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm...
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs...
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat...
What does a spy do when they're cold? They go undercover...
What does the dad diet consist of? All of the foods his kids can't finish...
What do French hedgehogs see on Groundhog Day? Their chateau...
What do horses do when it's time for bed? Hit the hay...
What do kids play when they have nothing else to do? Bored games...
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits...
What do mermaids wash their fins with? Tide...
What do pigs use to clean up? Hogwash...
What do the royals put on their pancakes? Sir Up...

[tool:write]
What do you call a 12-inch nose? A foot...
What do you call a band of berries playing music? A jam session...
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear...
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable...
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick...
What do you call a camel in a drought? A dry humper...
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener...
What do you call a cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese...
What do you call a cold puppy? A chili dog...
What do you call a cow that just gave birth? De-calf-inated...
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef...
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef...
What do you call a dinosaur that knows a lot of words? A Thesaurus...
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta...
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion...
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated...
What do you call a fish with four eyes? Fiiiish...
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh...
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh...
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly...
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk...
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious...
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette...
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher...
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide...
What do you call a lazy doctor? Dr. Dolittle...
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato...
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue...
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light...
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose...
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator...
What do you call an anxious fly? A jitterbug...
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad...
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless...
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-ntain...
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater...
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law...
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky...
What do you call a sheep on a trampoline? A woolly jumper...
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop...
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper...
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer...
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore...
What do you call a teenager that refuses to grow up? Constantine...
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear...
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows...
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese...
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta...
What do you call it when a cow grows facial hair? A moo-stache...
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs...
What do you call someone allergic to galaxies? Galactose intolerant...
What do you call someone who can't stick to a diet? A desserter...
What do you call someone who doesn't believe in Santa? Eggnog-stic...
What do you call someone who raises hens? A chicken tender...
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn't a dad? A faux pa...
What do you call someone with no nose and no body? Nobody knows...
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta...
What do you call the goldfish that came third? A bronze fish...
What do you call the syrup with a speech impediment? Mrs. Stuttersworth...
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk...
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates...
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk...
What do you get when you coddle a cow? Spoiled milk...
What do you get when you cross a fish with an elephant? Swimming trunks...
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks...
What do you get when you cross an ornery sheep with a crabby cow? A real baa-d moo-d...
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese...
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints...
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid...
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque...
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday...
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel...
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned...
What happened when the world's tongue-twister champion got arrested? They gave him a tough sentence...
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients...
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown...
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield...
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck...

[tool:grep]
What if a frog parks illegally? They get toad...
What is a calendar's favorite food? Dates...
What is the easiest building to lift? A lighthouse...
What jewellery do you wear when you have no neck? A neckless...
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key...
What kind of bagel can travel? A plain bagel...
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane...
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach...
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini...
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms...
What kind of drink is bittersweet? Reali-tea...
What kind of felines can bowl? Alley cats...
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold...
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk...
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music...
What kind of music do planets love? Neptunes...
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy...
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad...
What kind of shoes do gophers wear? Woodchucks...
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree...
What kind of underpants do lawyers wear? Briefs...
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing...
What month has 28 days? All of them...
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste...
What parenting style do dads like best? Improvising...
What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore...
What's 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles...
What's an astronaut's favourite chocolate? A Mars bar...
What's an astronaut's favourite part of a computer? The space bar...
What's a physicist's favourite snack? Fission chips...
What's a pirate's favourite letter? You'd think it's the R, but it's really the C...
What's a sea monster's favorite lunch? Fish and ships...
What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister...
What's a witch's favourite subject at school? Spelling...
What's a zebra? A couple sizes bigger than an A...
What's brown and sticky? A stick...
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words...
What's it like to have the best son in the world? You'll have to ask grandpa...
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck...
What's more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee...
What sort of dad tells jokes even though he doesn't have kids? A faux pas...
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe...
What's the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire...
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus...
What's the best way to catch a fish? Ask someone to throw it to you...
What's the best way to get to the hospital after breaking your foot? Tow truck...
What's the best way to make a bandstand? Take away their chairs...
What's the difference between a piano and a fish? You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish...
What's the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment...
What's the easiest building to lift? A lighthouse...
What's the most laid-back element? Bro-mine...
What's the secret to a good elevator pitch? It has to work on many levels...
What's the secret to always staying down to Earth? Gravity...
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurty...
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn...
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree...
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish...
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent...
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent...
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary...
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a parking lot...
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar...
When's the best time to call your dentist? Tooth-hurty...
Where did people hang out during medieval times? At knight clubs...
Where do armies belong? In your sleevies...
Where do birds stay when they travel? Someplace cheep...
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock...
Where do books hide when they're afraid? Under their covers...
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball...
Where do elephants store luggage? In their trunk...
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop...
Where does bad light end up? In prism...
Where do fingers grow? On palm trees...
Where do penguins go to vote? The North Poll...
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank...
Where do rainbows go after being arrested? Prism...
Where do sheep go on vacation? The Baaaa-hamas...
Where do surfers go for an education? Boarding school...

[tool:find]
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school...
Where's the one place you should never take your dog? The flea market...
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays...
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island...
Who do you call to clean the ocean? Mermaids...
Why are dads bad detectives? Because they only find the evidence after the crime has been committed...
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools...
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools...
Why are frogs good at baseball? They know how to catch fly balls...
Why are libraries so tall? Because they have many stories...
Why are meteors so clean? They're always in a shower...
Why are most people tired on April 1? They've just finished a 31-day March...
Why aren't lobsters generous? Because they're shellfish...
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road...
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball...
Why are shopping centres boring? Because if you've seen one, you've seen the mall...
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web...
Why are teddy bears never hungry? They're stuffed...
Why can't a leopard hide? Because they're always spotted...
Why can't a leopard hide? He's always spotted...
Why can't leopards play hide-and-seek? Because they're always spotted...
Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot...
Why can't you trust a balloon? It's full of hot air...
Why couldn't the beaver get a loan? He couldn't find the dam paperwork...
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired...
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired...
Why couldn't the bike stand up on its own? It was two-tired...
Why couldn't the dad help his son put his shoes on? They weren't the dad's size...
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack...
Why didn't the chef season his dish? He ran out of thyme...
Why didn't the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees...
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play...
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base...
Why did the belt get arrested? It held up a pair of pants...
Why did the bicycle keep falling over? It was two tired...
Why did the boy do his homework on a plane? He wanted a higher education...
Why did the cake cross the road? It saw a fork up ahead...
Why did the car take a nap? It was tired...
Why did the chemistry teacher go to the beach? To test the waters...
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide...
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back...
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website...
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash...
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby...
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggie...
Why did the cow go to Hollywood? To be in the moo-vies...
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth...
Why did the doctor carry a red pen? In case they needed to draw blood...
Why did the drum go to bed? It was beat...
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack...
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn't putting in enough shifts...
Why did the employee go to work in stilts? He wanted a raise...
Why did the Energizer Bunny go to jail? He was charged with battery...
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back...
Why did the football player hire a lawyer? He needed help with his defense...
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad...
Why did the girl bring a ladder on the bus? She wanted to go to high school...
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly...
Why did the guy get fired from the calendar factory? He took a day off...
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam...
Why did the man bring his watch to the bank? He wanted to save time...
Why did the man buy so much yogurt? To get cultured...
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well...
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on...
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice...
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice...
Why did the orchestra get struck by lightning? It had a conductor...
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling...
Why did the pasta go to the dermatologist? It had a big ziti...
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts...
Why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher? There was no chemistry...
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed...
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed...
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse...
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog...
Why did the rabbit go to the salon? It was having a bad hare day...
Why did the salad go to the studio? To get some beets...
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field...

[tool:ls]
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field...
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose...
Why did the spider go to school? He wanted to be a web designer...
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn't a good fit...
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway...
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing...
Why did the vegetable call the plumber? It had a leek...
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind...
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean's bottom...
Why did the zombie take a nap? He was dead tired...
Why did Yoda refuse to believe Obi-Wan had a twin? There's only one Wan Kenobi...
Why do astronauts use Linux? Because they can't open windows in space...
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead the dough...
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel...
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb...
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs...
Why do birds fly south? Because it's too far to walk...
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work...
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? We just want to help you become a groan up...
Why do dads like bitter drinks? They've been served a cold glass of reali-tea...
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights...
Why do ducks have feathers on their tales? To hide their butt-quacks...
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four, it would be a sedan...
Why does everyone wear a tank top in the US? They have the right to bare arms...
Why doesn't a photon need a suitcase? Because it's traveling light...
Why doesn't it hurt if someone throws a can of Coke at your head? Because it's a soft drink...
Why do golfers always bring two pairs of pants? In case they get a hole in one...
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don't freeze their buns...
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe...
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe...
Why don't astronauts like gravity? It brings them down...
Why don't crabs donate to charity? Because they're shellfish...
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up...
Why don't lions eat clowns? Because they taste funny...
Why don't oysters share? Because they are shellfish...
Why don't scientists trust atoms? They make up everything...
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts...
Why do people always take an extra pair of socks when golfing? They don't want a hole-in-one...
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero...
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels...
Why do skeletons stay so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin...
Why do some couples go to the gym together? Because they want their relationship to work out...
Why do sweaters tend to hang out together? They're pretty close-knit...
Why do trees have so many friends? They like to branch out...
Why do turkeys play percussion? They have drumsticks...
Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin...
Why'd the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut...
Why'd the roofer go to the doctor? He had shingles...
Why is a guilty panda never caught? It eats shoots and leaves...
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands...
Why is the accountant also good at being a parent? Having kids is taxing...
Why is the ocean so salty? Because land never waves back...
Why pay a therapist when you have a dad...
Why shouldn't you argue with a skunk? It'll cause a stink...
Why shouldn't you argue with a T-Rex? You'll get jurass-kicked...
Why shouldn't you play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs...
Why shouldn't you tell secrets in a cornfield? Too many ears around...
Why shouldn't you trust trees? They seem shady...
Why should you borrow money from pessimists? They never expect to get it back...
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it's pointless...
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9...
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine...
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine...
Why was the broom late? It over-swept...
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept...
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems...
Why was the mushroom popular? He's a fun guy...
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change...
Why were scientists disappointed by the reception of their new weapon test? It bombed...
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning...
Wow, Chase, you sure got tall. I hope you don't grow another foot...
You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark...
You can't spell par entry without try...
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything...
You have a hole in your sock, Jack. No, I don't. Sure you do. That's how you got your foot in it...
